
https://serverfault.com/questions/953046/modern-installation-of-tomcat-with-ssl-on-port-443

Keep port >1024 and prefer reverse proxy - haproxy, nginx, apache etc. 
The main reason is that once you are not running tomcat as root (I hope you don't ;-) ) 
you may have issue with starting on ports below 1024 - "permission denied". 

With running tomcat on port up the 1024 you are safe even for future updates / changes. 
Mentioned reverse proxies are prepared and ready more or less out of the box to operate 
these "lower ports". Tomcat is great tool but main focus is just not to handle system 
reserved ports

https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-encrypt-tomcat-8-connections-with-apache-or-nginx-on-centos-7

SSL with Tomcat has a number of drawbacks that make it difficult to manage:

Tomcat, when run as recommended with an unprivileged user, 
cannot bind to restricted ports like the conventional SSL port 443: 
    There are workarounds to this, like using the authbind 
    program to map an unprivileged program with a restricted port, setting up port forwarding with 
    a firewall, etc., but they each introduce additional complexity.

SSL with Tomcat is not as widely supported by other software: 
    Projects like Let’s Encrypt provide no native way of interacting with Tomcat. 
    Furthermore, the Java keystore format requires conventional certificates to be 
    converted before use, which complicates automation.

Conventional web servers release more frequently than Tomcat: 
    This can have significant security implications for your applications. For instance, 
    the supported Tomcat SSL cipher suite can become out-of-date quickly, 
    leaving your applications with suboptimal protection. In the event that security 
    updates are needed, it is likely easier to update a web server than your Tomcat installation.

A reverse proxy solution bypasses many of these issues by simply putting a 
strong web server in front of the Tomcat installation. The web server can handle 
client requests with SSL, functionality it is specifically designed to handle. 
It can then proxy requests to Tomcat running in its normal, unprivileged configuration.

This separation of concerns simplifies the configuration, even if it does mean running an additional piece of software.